h1. What does it do?

This redmine plugin adds a macro in your redmine wikis, which allows the embedding of etherpads.

h2. Macro: etherpad()

To use, just add @{{etherpad(nameOfPad)}}@ to the issue/wiki/page in which to embed a pad.

Requires at least one argument, the name of the etherpad to embed.

Other arguments should be listed in "key=val" format, and include:

* @width@: the width of the iframe (e.g. "640px", "100%"), default=100%.
* @height@: the height of the iframe (e.g. ("800px"), default=480px.
* @showControls@: true/false (default true)
* @showChat@: true/false (default true)
* @showLineNumbers@: true/false (default false)
* @useMonospaceFont@: true/false (default false)
* @noColors@: true/false (default false)
* @fullScreen@: true/false (default true)

Example:

<pre><code>{{etherpad(OnlineBings, useMonospaceFont=true, width=90%)}}</code></pre>

To use a teampad:

<pre><code>{{etherpad(Test, team=oberpfalz)}}</code></pre>

h2. Installation

Navigate to:
@[redmine_install_path]/plugins@

Clone this repo.
@git clone git://github.com/PiratenBayernIT/redmine_etherpad.git@


h3. Configuration

Add an "etherpad" configuration section to "config/configuration.yml" in which you define the etherpad host to use:

<pre><code>default:
  etherpad:
    host: piratenpad.de
    scheme: https
</code></pre>

You can also list any of the embed arguments to replace defaults, for example:

<pre><code>default:
  etherpad:
    host: piratenpad.de
    scheme: https
    showLineNumbers: true
    useMonospaceFont: true
</code></pre>


